# Central-Perk
You have been hired as a data scientist consultant for a boutique coffee shop (Central Perk) in New York City. The coffee shop "believes" (whenever a client has a belief, you should aim to confirm or reject this belief with data) that their current customer base is fairly loyal and business is consistent year over year. Therefore, they are not necessarily interested in acquiring new customers--they feel like FRIENDS with the ones they have--rather they are interested in generating more revenue from their existing customer base.

Although the coffee shop believes they have a sense of their customer base, they realize they have never explored their data and do not have a good sense of their demand. Therefore, they ask you to analyze historical sales data to understand the general volume distribution (e.g., in a typical week, by hour, by day etc). In addition, they ask you to provide a narrative on the types of items being ordered. Their objective here is to understand the current customers' buying patterns (for example, but not limited to, average order size and time of day). Essentially, they want you to explore the data and provide them a general sense of behavior, in addition to identifying interesting/systematic patterns of volume and items, that they can act upon.

Moreover, using this data, the coffee shop wants you to use the information from your exploration to formulate a proposal of incentives/pricing adjustments that can be offered to customers to normalize demand and generate additional revenue. The believe demand is very high at certain times (on certain days) and very low other times, and they would like to smooth this demand out over time. You are allowed to make any recommendations you deem valuable (including increasing or decreasing the price)--for example, recommending a 20% discount (on specific products) at 3:30p on Tuesday. However, take care to ensure that these recommendations, if implemented, will not alienate customers or lead to an overall decrease in profits. The coffee shop not only wants these recommendations, but also clear, data-backed justifications for 1) why they should implement your proposed strategy and 2) why it will not alienate customers or decrease profits. For the purpose of profitability scenarios, you can assume a gross margin of 20%. Conclusions from data analysis should be demonstrated to be robust and well thought out.
      
If your proposal is effective, the data and learnings can be applied to additional locations and other restaurants. Therefore, be sure to consider this ultimate objective when making your recommendations. Please remember, that your audience will be the owners of the coffee shop as well as its investors, so your analysis (and the narrative surrounding it) needs to be clear, convincing, and suitable for the audience.
